# COMPILE ALL USER STORIES AND CONVERT TO .PDF

User:

19 year old John Smith is a university student currently in his 2nd year studying computer science at University of Toronto. John
is very experienced with computers, having first used one when he was 5, when his parents bought a family PC. Ever since 
then, John has been fascinated by computers.

John spends most of his day at school, either going to lectures or doing coursework inbetween classes. John has a lot of free 
time where he has nothing to do and he feels that he is not being productive. A part time job would help fill out his schedule.

John has a lot of friends in the co-op computer science program, and most of them have found jobs through the university's co-op 
job listings. However John is not in co-op and does not have access to such listings, making his job search more difficult than 
his peers.

John has no previous work experience, only volunteer work at local soup kitchens and animal shelters. He hopes to find an
introductory job to learn how the professional world works and to build work experience for his resume.



Employer Persona

Mark Philips is a 42 year old Software Developer recruiter for CIBC. He has been a recruiter for the last 5 years. Mark loves 
to talk to people and enjoys conducting interviews with potential candidates for hiring. At CIBC, the company has commended 
his efforts over the years for finding and recruiting excellent applicants for the various Software Developer positions at CIBC. 
Although Mark enjoys his job very much, he does not enjoy any technical delays during the recruitment process. He is a person 
who always looks for the most efficient solution in any given problem, and in order to keep up the good work he has been 
doing at CIBC over the past few years, he cannot afford many technical delays or time-consuming processes that may hinder the 
recruitment process of the company. 

During his time working in this position, he has been in charge of hiring high quality interns from various University campuses 
across the province of Ontario. During co-op season, he has to tediously look through several campus websites, navigate 
meticulously across the job posting sections and post a particular position that is open for hiring. Mark has found that this 
process has been taking up most of his time, and due to the fact that there seems to be no way to speed this up, he is worried 
that he may be missing out on hiring the best candidates and students during co-op season.

Nowadays, ever since the tech industry has bloomed across Ontario, CIBC has opened up countless positions every season as 
contract positions for hiring software developers. CIBC would rather not spend a lot of time and money on hiring Human 
Resources recruiters, so currently they are asking people like Mark to do quite a lot. In any given day during the recruitment 
time period, Mark has to wake up in the morning, check all his emails for whether any automated notification has been sent to 
him that there are new applicants for a position he’s posted on the tens of University websites; then he must visit each 
individual University Co-Op website, and for those that do not have automated notifications sent to his email, he must browse 
whether anyone has applied for that position, and then get back to them via email.

Furthermore, whenever CIBC opens up a new position, Mark must manually visit each and every one of those individual 
University websites and post the position there, along with all the details such as minimum qualifications, salary and wage,
hours, etc. What is so tedious about this is that each individual website has their own infrastructure and format. Mark must 
go through each of them and learn how to properly upload a post he wants. Although Mark is a Software Developer recruiter, 
he doesn’t prefer doing too much technical work, and would rather spend most of his time interviewing new people. Mark does 
not want to keep himself up to date with the changing, dynamic websites, nor does he want to spend a tedious amount of time when, 
for example, he would like to post job postings on a particular subset of Universities. 

Mark understands that if there was somewhat of a centralized solution where, from just one platform, he has ease of access,
a User Interface which stays mostly consistent throughout the months of the year, he would be able to save a lot of time 
that takes up during the pre-interview process and can spend more time efficiently acquiring candidates for the numerous 
positions constantly opening up at CIBC.
